EA utilizes certain technical or content protection measures to prevent piracy and the unauthorized copying or use of an EA PC Product. EA PC Products use Origin Online Activation and also may use Sony DADC Austria AG's Denuvo content protection technology. To see which games use Denuvo, visit https://www.ea.com/legal. An EA Account, including the acceptance of this Agreement and EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com, installation of the Origin client application (https://www.origin.com/en-us/about), acceptance of the Origin EULA, and an Internet connection are required to authenticate the EA PC Product and verify your license upon the initial launch of the EA PC Products on any unique machine ("Authenticate" or "Authentication"). The serial code provided with this EA PC Products will be verified during Authentication. Authentication is limited to one EA Account per serial code, which means the EA PC Product is not transferable. EA may validate your license by subsequent online Authentication. There is no limit to the total number of machines on which the EA PC Products can be Authenticated, but you may launch and access the EA PC Product on no more than five unique machines in any rolling 24-hour period. If you attempt to circumvent, disable or tamper with these technical protection measures, the EA PC Product may not function properly and this License shall terminate for your material breach. Keep your serial code because you may need it to install the EA PC Service on other machines. This technology may interfere with certain applications, such as debuggers, that can be used to circumvent access-control technology.
EA utilizes certain technologies to detect and prevent cheating in connection with the use of EA PC Products. These are described below. You can visit https://www.ea.com/legal to know which technology is used with each EA PC Product.
EA may use Punkbuster Anti-Cheat technology from Even Balance, Inc. You may opt to install Punkbuster during the installation of an EA PC Product. If it is installed, when you connect online to a game server using Punkbuster, Punkbuster will monitor your computer's random access memory (RAM) for Unauthorized Third Party Programs running concurrently with the EA PC Product and any modifications to the EA PC Product's files enabling or facilitating cheating. An Unauthorized Third Party Program is a third party program or file (such as a "addon", "mod", "hack", "trainer", or "cheat") that EA believes (i) enables or facilitates cheating of any type: (ii) allows users to modify or hack the game interface, environment, and/or experience in any way not expressly authorized by EA: or (iii) intercepts, "mines", or otherwise collects information from or through the game. If you uninstall the EA PC Product, Punkbuster will remain dormant on your computer. To uninstall Punkbuster, run the executable at https://www.evenbalance.com/downloads/pbsvc/pbsvc.exe.EA may use its own or Third Party anti-cheat technologies.
EA may use its own anti-cheat technologies. When you connect online to a game server, these technologies will activate and monitor your game play, the files on your computer associated with the EA PC Product or that otherwise access our servers, and your computer's memory, purely for the purposes of detecting and preventing cheating.If any of these anti-cheat technologies detects cheating, we may collect relevant information necessary for our investigation and enforcement purposes, including your account name, details about an Unauthorized Third Party Program and the EA PC Product files modification detected, and the time and date it was detected. We also may terminate your License and your EA Account if we determine you have been cheating.When you disconnect from the game server, these anti-cheat technologies will be deactivated.
You may uninstall EA PC Products at any time within your game settings in the Origin client. Certain locally saved files may remain on your computer after uninstallation. You may manually delete these files by searching for the game title in your My Documents folder on PC or via the file finder on a Mac.
This Agreement, together with any other EA terms that govern your use of EA Services, constitutes the entire agreement between you and EA. The Agreement may not be amended or modified unless made in writing and signed by EA. The failure of EA to exercise any right under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of the right or any other right. If any part of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, all other parts of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
 (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of your country of residence govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the courts of your country of residence.
 (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of Korea, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the courts of Korea.
 (i) this Agreement is between you and Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065, USA; (ii) the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that for claims and disputes not subject to the arbitration agreement below, exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the federal or state courts that govern San Mateo County, California, and you expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts.
 (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that for claims and disputes not subject to the arbitration agreement below, exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the federal or state courts that govern San Mateo County, California, and you expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts.The UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (Vienna, 1980) shall not apply to this Agreement or to any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement.
You agree to follow U.S. and other export control laws and agree not to transfer an EA Service to a foreign national, or national destination, that is prohibited by such laws. You also acknowledge you are not a person with whom EA is prohibited from doing business under these export control laws.
All disputes, claims or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any EA Service and its marketing, or the relationship between you and EA ("Disputes") shall be determined exclusively by binding arbitration. This includes claims that accrued before you entered into this Agreement. The only Disputes not covered by this Section are claims (i) regarding the infringement, protection or validity of your, EA's or EA's licensors' trade secrets or copyright, trademark or patent rights; (ii) if you reside in Australia, to enforce a statutory consumer right under Australia consumer law; and (iii) brought in small claims court.
You and EA shall first attempt to resolve any Dispute informally for at least 30 days before initiating arbitration. The informal negotiations commence upon receipt of written notice from one person to the other ("Notice of Dispute"). The Notice of Dispute must: (a) include the full name and contact information of the complaining party; (b) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (c) set forth the specific relief sought. EA will send its Notice of Dispute to your billing or email address. You will send your Notice of Dispute to: Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City CA 94065, ATTENTION: Legal Department.
If you and EA cannot resolve a Dispute informally, you or EA may elect to have the Dispute finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration. Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on the other. The arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its Commercial Arbitration Rules and, where appropriate, the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes ("AAA Consumer Rules"), both of which are available at the AAA website www.adr.org. Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA Rules and, where appropriate, limited by the AAA Consumer Rules. If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be excessive, or if you send EA a notice to the Notice of Dispute address above indicating that you are unable to pay the fees required to initiate an arbitration, EA will pay all arbitration fees and expenses. The arbitration may be conducted in person, through the submission of documents, by phone or online. The arbitrator shall make a decision in writing, and shall provide a statement of reasons if requested by either party. The arbitrator must follow applicable law, and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so. You and EA may litigate in court to compel arbitration, to stay proceeding pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.
The arbitrator shall not consolidate another person's claims with your claims, and shall not preside over any type of representative or class proceeding. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. If this specific subsection is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this agreement to arbitrate shall be null and void.
If you live in the United States, arbitration will take place at any reasonable location convenient for you. For residents outside the United States, arbitration shall be initiated in the County of San Mateo, State of California, United States of America, and you and EA agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court, in order to compel arbitration, to stay proceeding pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.
If the arbitrator rules in your favor on the merits of any claim you bring against EA and issues you an award that is greater in monetary value than EA's last written settlement offer made before EA makes its final written submissions to the arbitrator, then EA will:
If the arbitrator rules in your favor on the merits of any claim you bring against EA and issues you an award that is greater in monetary value than EA's last written settlement offer made before EA makes its final written submissions to the arbitrator, then EA will:
EA will not enforce material changes to this agreement to arbitrate, unless you expressly agree to the changes.
Purchase and use of items are subject to the Network Terms of Service and User Agreement. This online service has been sublicensed to you by Sony Interactive Entertainment America.
Any content purchased in an in-game store will be purchased from Sony Interactive Entertainment Network Europe Limited ("SIENE") and be subject to PlayStation™Network Terms of Service and User Agreement which is available on the PlayStation™Store. Please check usage rights for each purchase as these may differ from item to item. Unless otherwise shown, content available in any in-game store has the same age rating as the game.